README.md, before:

# Popcorn

An application which aims to provide a simple interface to watch any movie.

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/2tijq4sm43r87lmf?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/bbougot/popcorn)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/bbougot/Popcorn](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/bbougot/Popcorn?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

![Screenshot1](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/8962802/9643432/2d85a3a4-51c2-11e5-87bf-55ee81d5cc7a.jpg)

![Screenshot2](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/8962802/9288484/e6f0a25e-4348-11e5-9317-f8c0dee12729.jpg)

![Screenshot3](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/8962802/9288481/dee26ee4-4348-11e5-972e-b7609bd07ca8.jpg)

## What does it use?
.NET Framework 4.6 and C# for the backend. WPF/XAML for the interface.

## Supported platforms
At this time, only Windows 7+ is supported (Windows 7, 8, 8.1, 10 | 32/64 Bits).

## Can I help you?
Of course yes! Any pull-request will be considered.

## Visual Studio
The solution is built using Visual Studio 2015.

## Installer
Download full installer [here](https://github.com/bbougot/Popcorn/releases/download/1.0.8/Setup.exe)

Commit message:

Add tasks section
Former-commit-id: e160a1a153f3b8ab55e68f03ce5de2c995a16b30

README.md, after:

# Popcorn

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/2tijq4sm43r87lmf?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/bbougot/popcorn)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/bbougot/Popcorn](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/bbougot/Popcorn?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

An application which aims to provide a simple interface to watch any movie.

![Screenshot1](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/8962802/9643432/2d85a3a4-51c2-11e5-87bf-55ee81d5cc7a.jpg)

![Screenshot2](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/8962802/9288484/e6f0a25e-4348-11e5-9317-f8c0dee12729.jpg)

![Screenshot3](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/8962802/9288481/dee26ee4-4348-11e5-972e-b7609bd07ca8.jpg)

## What does it use?
.NET Framework 4.6 and C# for the backend. WPF/XAML for the interface.

## Supported platforms
At this time, only Windows 7+ is supported (Windows 7, 8, 8.1, 10 | 32/64 Bits).

## Can I help you?
Of course yes! Any pull-request will be considered.

## Tasks
- [ ] Subtitles support
- [ ] Seekable stream
- [ ] In-memory movie downloading
- [ ] Add series/anime
- [ ] Add cast page (actor, director,...)
- [ ] VPN
- [ ] DLNA broadcasting
- [ ] User account with movie chatrooms (like Jabbr)

## Visual Studio
The solution is built using Visual Studio 2015.

## Installer
Download full installer [here](https://github.com/bbougot/Popcorn/releases/download/1.0.8/Setup.exe)
